Let’s get into the real reason most people choose to power their home energy needs with solar: the incredible benefits. If you have set your sights on solar, get ready to bring home some serious payoffs.Did you know that solar power is the fastest-growing American and global energy source? And it’s no wonder; studies show the average household can save anywhere between $20k and $40k over the course of the system’s lifetime. That amount of savings is simply too great for most homeowners to leave on the table, but there’s a bigger picture beyond the cost savings of switching to solar—much bigger.As sustainable living and green energy gain critical importance around the globe, we can’t overlook the ecological benefits it provides. Air quality, resource availability—everything about the way we live is impacted by the health of our ecosystem. Solar panels for homes and buildings generate electricity without emitting carbon dioxide or methane into the atmosphere. This is great news as carbon dioxide gets trapped in our atmosphere for decades, and methane emissions—the negative impacts of which are twenty-five times greater than that of carbon dioxide—make things even more dangerous.A home that gets its energy from solar is a big win for public health. After all, as the threat of climate change continues to impact our way of life we all need to do what we can and make sustainable adjustments to how we work, live, and play for the good of the planet. If you live in a solar ready home with strong energy potential, making the switch can do more than save you money, it can help you save the place we all call home.When considering your home energy options, solar is truly unmatched. With incredible benefits ready for the taking, including government incentives at the federal, state, and local levels, the reasons to switch to solar are numerous. Be sure to check out our next piece, Benefits of Solar Power: The Government Incentives You Need to Know, and as a next step in your solar prep, consider learning more about how switching to solar works by downloading our handy project planner